yeah yeah hey coach
yeah it's so fun let me tell you
something Oh Terry motels focus for huh
c1 now where is it yah - with me or
neighbor yes okay show me the kitchen
please can we go through this archway
hard this is very nice open and the
grill mm-hmm you can see me get a broom
what is it over here Oh
this is that is the fridge and freezer
dishwasher dishwasher sitting up and
with it appearing but I know he extra
storage where the pipe is garbage pit
yep packs and pans door hmm yes and you
can see we you can see the bunker Sofia
yeah and the counter burn so show me
your bedroom okay
yes she has her own we also have two
left there like the other bedroom and a
spare fence
yeah
very nice fear main bathroom actually
and six pairs paper this is good okay
you just what the difference you can
hold it for the body shots working or
you can see the light at the end of the
studies thank you